Scheduler add getting started (#1484)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Scheduler/00 Getting Started with Scheduler/25 Time Zone Support.md

> The **Scheduler** displays all appointments in the client time zone. To change this default behavior, specify a different time zone in the [timeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#timeZone) property. It accepts values from the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones" target="_blank">IANA database</a>. In this tutorial, the "Europe/Berlin" time zone is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Scheduler** displays all appointments in the client time zone. To change this default behavior, specify a different time zone in the [timeZone](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#timeZone) property. It accepts values from the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones" target="_blank">IANA database</a>. This tutorial sets the time zone to "Europe/Berlin".
```
